apply bartelinks suggestions from #91 (#96)
nordfjord/equinox-js: docs/docs/faq.md

## Who is it not for?

EquinoxJS is probably not a good fit if your aim is to hide the shape of event

> sourcing from you rather than learn and apply it directly.

Author: ```suggestion
EquinoxJS is probably not a good fit if your aim is to hide the shape of event
sourcing rather than learn and apply it directly.
```

EquinoxJS gives you the domain and store primitives needed to build a service,
projector or process manager without prescribing transport, hosting or handler

> shape. It is also not intended to accrete framework-style features every time a

Reviewer: accrete us very good thesuarus use, but I guess I was alluding to the fact that you're not waiting for the framework to sprout a new feature the minute you have a use case that doesnt fit the predefined facilities
